My Lord is that legal?

I will make it legal.

They have gone up the ventilation shafts!

The negotiations were short

A communications disruption can only mean one thing. Invasion.

The ability to speak does not make you intelligent.

There is always a bigger fish.

Ah victory.

That does not compute, hey you are under arrest!

This is getting out of hand. Now there are two of them!

Are you an angel?

Credits will do fine.

No they wont!

Perhaps another solution shall present itself.

Its a trick! Send no reply!

At last we shall have our revenge.

Nobody can kill a jedi.

Its working!

I dont care what universe you are from thats gotta hurt!

I object! There is no proof!

A surprise to be sure but a welcome one.

The code forbids it.

Maybe weesa bein friends.

Steady, steady.

Stay in that cockpit!

Ill try spinning, thats a good trick!

*waiting patiently*

Uh oh big boomers!

Now this is podracing!

He is the chosen one

We will watch your career with great interest.

Always two there are, no more no less.

But which was destroyed? The master? Or the apprentice?

PEACE!!!

Ani? My goodness you have grown.

So have you. More beautiful I mean.

Flying is one thing. But what you are doing is suicide!

I hate it when he does that.

Ya wanna buy some death sticks?

Jedi business, go back to your drinks.

Obi Wan!

Wow! Wadda ya know!

Depends on how big your pocketbook is.

Impossible, perhaps the archies are incomplete.

Lost a planet Obi Wan has. How embarrassing .

It ought to be here but it isnt.

Truly wonderful the mind of a child is.

*visible confusion*

200,000 units are ready with a million more well on the way

Thats why Im here.

I dont like sand. Its coarse, rough, and irritating, and it gets everywhere.

Magnificent arent they?

I dont think the system works.

Yep.

Your clones are very impressive, you must be very proud.

Im just a simple man trying to make his way in the universe.

Pack your things, we are leaving.

Oh not good.

He doesnt seem to take a hint, this guy.

We wont be seeing him again.

I killed them all, But not just the men, but the women and the children too! I slaughtered them like animals, because they are animals! I hate them!

Oh no my friend. This is a mistake! A terrible mistake!

What if I told you that the republic is now under the control of the dark lord of the sith?

No thats not possible! The jedi would be aware of it!

Messa propose that the senate give immediately emergency powers to the supreme chancellor.

I love democracy.

Im so confused.

Obi wan is going to kill me.

Good job.

She cant do that! Shoot her or something!

Brave, but foolish.

You call this a diplomatic solution?

No, I call it aggressive negotiation.

This is such a drag.

Look!

*Anakin and Obi Wan arguing on the Gunship*

We will take him together.

Ill take him now!

Anakin No!

Surely you can do better!

Ive become more powerful than any jedi!

I half to admit that without the clones it would not have been a victory.

Begun the Clone War has

Oh this is going to be easy.

This is where the fun begins.

Nothing too fancy.

Flying is for Droids!

You are going to get us both killed!

I have a bad feeling about this!

I sense a trap.

Destroyers!

Drop your weapons. I said drop them.

Did you press the stop button? No did you? No.

Always on the move.

R2 we need to be going up not down!

Oh its you.

This time we will do it together.

Sith lords are our speciality.

Ive been looking forward to this.

My powers have doubled since the last time we met, Count.

Good, twice the pride double the fall.

Ehh!

Good Anakin good.

Kill him, Kill him now.

I should not.

Dew it!

It was only natural, he cut off your arm, you wanted revenge.

Leave him or we will never make it!

Wait a minute, How did this happen, we are smarter than this!

Ah yes the negotiator.

I was expecting someone with your reputation to be a little older.

General Grievous, you are shorter than I expected.

Jedi scum.

We have a job to do Anakin, try not to upset him.

Your lightsabers will make a fine addition to my Collection.

Time to abandon ship.

We lost something.

Not to worry we are still flying half a ship.

Another happy landing.

Oh no Im not brave enough for politics.

Hold on. This whole operation was your idea.

You owe me one.

That business on cato nemoida doesnt doesnt count.

Something wonderful has happened.

Ani Im pregnant.

Thats wonderful.

This is the happiest moment of my life.

It will be done my lord.

Soon I shall have a new apprentice. One younger and far more powerful.

Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose.

I understand.

You are on this council but we do not grant you the rank of Master.

What?

How can you do this? This is outrageous, Its unfair.

How can you be on the council and not be a master!?

Take a seat, young Skywalker.

Forgive me, master.

What about the droid attack on the wookiees?

It is critical we send an attack group there immediately .

He is right, Its a system we cannot afford to lose.

Good relations with the wookiees I have.

Its settled then.

Calm down anakin.

You are sounding like a seperatist.

Leave us.

Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plagueis the wise?

I thought not, its not a story the jedi would tell you.

Its a sith legend.

Darth Plagius was a Dark Lord of the Sith, So powerful and so wise he could use the force to influence the midichlorians to create life… He had such a knowledge of the Dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying.

The dark side of the force is the pathway to many abilities some consider to be… Unnatural.

He became so powerful that the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, then his apprentice killed him in his sleep.

Ironic.

He could save others from death but not himself.

Is it possible to learn this power?

Not from a jedi..

You are strong and Wise and I am very proud of you.

Goodbye old friend, and may the force be with you.

Im not the jedi I should be.

I want more and I know I shouldnt.

I wont lose you Padme.

He is here.

Thousands of battle droids.

Hello There.

General Kenobi.

You are a bold one.

I will deal with this Jedi slime myself.

Your move.

You fool, Ive been trained in your Jedi arts by count Dooku.

Attack, Kenobi.

Army or not, you must realize you are doomed.

Oh I dont think so.

I sense a plot to destroy the jedi.

Great care we must take.

If one is to understand the great mystery one must study all its aspects.

Use my knowledge I beg you.

You are the sith lord.

Are you going to kill me?

I would certainly like to.

So uncivilized.

I think Chancellor Palpatine is a sith lord.

A sith lord?

If what you have told me is true then you have gained my trust.

I must say you are here sooner than I expected.

In the name of the Galactic Senate of the Republic, You are under arrest chancellor.

Are you threatening me Master Jedi?

The Senate will decide your fate.

I am the Senate!

Not yet.

Its Treason then.

AOURHAHHHHH!!!!!!!!

You are under arrest my lord.

The jedi are taking over!

No, No, No, YOU HAVE LOST!

You must choose!

Dont listen to him Anakin!

Im too weak!

Im going to end this once and for all!

He must stand trial!

He is too dangerous to be left alive!

Its not the Jedi way, He must live!

I need him!

POWER!!!!!!!!!!! UNLIMITED POWER!!!!!!!!!!!!

What Have I done!?!?

Gooooood.

To cheat death is the power only one has received.

I pledge myself to your teachings.

Henceforth you shall be known as Darth vader.

Rise.

Every single jedi, including your friend Obi Wan Kenobi is now an enemy of the Republic.

Do what must be done, Do not hesitate, show no mercy.

Once more the sith shall rule the galaxy, and we shall have peace.

I think you will be needing this.

Commander Cody, The time has come.

Execute Order 66.

Yes my lord.

Blast him!

Master Skywalker there are too many of them what are we going to do?

Its time for you to leave.

And so it is.

Miss you I will.

Sir no one couldve survived that fall.

Not even the younglings survived.

The attempt on my life has left me scarred and deformed .

In order to ensure the security and continuing stability, The Republic will be reorganized into the first Galactic Empire!

So this is how Liberty dies, with thunderous applause.

The War is over! Lord Sidious promised us peace!

If into the security recordings you go, only pain will you find.

It cant be.

I cant watch anymore.

You are wrong, how could you even say that?

I have seen a security hologram of him... Killing younglings...

You are going to kill him arent you.

Anakin is the father, isnt he?

Im so sorry.

He said that you turned to the dark side, and that you killed younglings.

Love wont save you Padme, only my new powers can do that.

I am becoming more powerful than any Jedi has ever dreamed of.

I dont want to hear anymore about Obi Wan.

I dont know you anymore.

Anakin, You are breaking my heart.

You are going down a path I cant follow.

Because of Obi Wan?

I love you.

LIAR!

You brought him here to kill me!

Let her go Anakin!

You turned her against me!

You have done that yourself.

You will not take her from me!

Your anger and your lust for power have already done that.

You have allowed this dark lord to twist your mind, until now.

You have become the very thing you swore to destroy.

Dont lecture me Obi Wan.

I see through the eyes of the Jedi!

I have brought Peace, Freedom, Justice, and Security to my new empire.

Your new empire?

Dont make me kill you.

Anakin my allegiance is to the Republic TO DEMOCRACY!

If you are not with me, then you are my enemy.

Only a Sith deals in absolutes.

I will do what I must..

You will try.

I hear a new apprentice you have, Emperor, or should I call you Darth Sidious?

Master Yoda, you survived.

Surprised?

Your arrogance blinds you.

I have waited a long time for this moment, my little green friend.

At an end your rule is, and not short enough it was.

Into exile I must go, failed I have.

I have failed you Anakin, I have failed you.

I should have known the Jedi were plotting to take over.

Anakin, Chancellor Palpatine is Evil!

From my point of view the Jedi are evil!

Well then you are lost!

This is the end for you my master.

Its over Anakin! I have the High Ground!

You underestimate my power!

Dont try it.

You were the chosen one!

It was said that you would destroy the Sith not join them!

Bring balance to the Force, not leave it in darkness!

I HATE YOU!!!

You were my brother Anakin. I loved you.

Is Anakin alright?

He is still alive.

For reasons we cant explain, we are losing her.

Where is Padme? Is she safe? Is she alright?

It seems in your anger you killed her.

NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

Let Me Go! Let Me Die! You Are All Going To Burn! We're All Going To Die, You Don't Know What You're Doing!

The Sith, The Sith Took Everything From Me. Ripped Me From My Mother's Arms, Murdered My Brother, Used Me As A Weapon, And Then Cast Me Aside. Abandoned Me. Once, I Had Power; Now I Have Nothing. Nothing.

He. Will. Avenge Us.

With The Galaxy At War, Savage, There Is Only One Way To Get The Attention Of A Jedi. Slaughter Of The Innocent, Mercilessly And Without Compromise.

Too Late For What? The Republic To Fall? It Already Has, And You Just Can't See It, There Is No Justice, No Law, No Order, Except For The One That Will Replace It.

It Was I Who Languished For Years Thinking Of Nothing But You, Nothing But This Moment, And Now The Perfect Tool For My Vengeance Is In Front Of Us. I Never Planned On Killing You But I Will Make You Share My Pain, Kenobi.

JEDI! I Have Been Waiting For You.

KENOBIIIII

Your Rage Has Unbalanced You. This Is Not The Jedi Way... Is It?

You May Have Forgotten Me, But I Will Never Forget You. You Cannot Imagine The Depths I Would Go To To Stay Alive, Fueled By My Singular Hatred, For You!

I was destined to become... so much more, but I was robbed of that destiny by the Jedi, by Obi-Wan Kenobi.

You should have chosen the dark side, Master Jedi, Your emotions betray you. Your fear, and yes, Your anger.

I never planned on killing you. But I will make you share my pain, Kenobi.

Never give up hope, no matter how dark things seem.